Key,Source,Context,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
cntPlayerFireWoodStack,blocks,Container,,,Stack of Wood
cntPlayerCementBagStack,blocks,Container,,,Cement Pallet
cntPlayerBrownBoxes,blocks,Container,,,Pallet of Boxes
cntPlayerBlueTarp,blocks,Container,,,Covered Pallet
cntPlayerBrickPile,blocks,Container,,,Pallet of Bricks
cntPlayerBarrelPlasticSingle00,blocks,Container,,,Plastic Barrel
cntPlayerBarrelPlasticQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Plastic Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelGenericQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Rusty Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelGasQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Gas Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelGasSingle00,blocks,Container,,,Gas Barrel
cntPlayerBarrelOilQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Oil Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelOilSingle00,blocks,Container,,,Oil Barrel
cntPlayerBarrelAcidQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Green Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelAcidSingle00,blocks,Container,,,Green Barrel
cntPlayerBarrelRadiatedQuadA,blocks,Container,,,Yellow Barrels
cntPlayerBarrelRadiatedSingle00,blocks,Container,,,Yellow Barrel

cntPlayerRetroFridgeVer1Closed,blocks,Container,,,Refrigerator
cntPlayerFridgeStainlessSteel,blocks,Container,,,Refrigerator
cntPlayerCoffeeMaker,blocks,Container,,,Coffee Maker
cntPlayerCoffeeMakerCommercial,blocks,Container,,,Commercial Coffee Maker
cntPlayerSodaFountain,blocks,Container,,,Soda Fountain
cntPlayerGasPump,blocks,Container,,,Gas Pump
cntPlayerWaterCoolerBottle,blocks,Container,,,Water Cooler Bottle
cntPlayerUtilityCartFull,blocks,Container,,,Utility Cart





